README.md, before:

# Jahnavi Maddhuri: Python Script interacting with SQL Database
This project was originally started for the course, IDS 702: Data Engineering.
The purpose of this project is to provide analysis on a dataset using pandas and Jupyter notebooks in a python project template with a strong build system.
This creates a base feedback loop every time I update my project.

## CI/CD Badge
[![CI](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-MiniProject2/actions/workflows/ex.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-MiniProject2/actions/workflows/ex.yml)
[![FORMAT](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/format.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/format.yml) [![INSTALL](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/install.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/install.yml) [![LINT](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/lint.yml) [![TEST](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/test.yml)


## Instructions for Use
To use this repository to generate the analysis, start by cloning the repository. Make sure all the requirements in requirements.txt are fulfilled as these are necessary libraries to run the python script. Finally, run the script, crime_analyze.py, and review the statistics and visualizations. For more information around these insights, look at Summary.md.

Commit message:

Update purpose of README.md

README.md, after:

# Jahnavi Maddhuri: Python Script interacting with SQL Database
This project demonstrates the use of Python to interact with a SQL database through SQLite, leveraging the [bad-drivers.csv](https://github.com/fivethirtyeight/data/blob/master/bad-drivers/bad-drivers.csv) dataset. It implements an Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) pipeline along with key Create, Read, Update, Delete (CRUD) SQL commands. The project is designed with a robust build system that ensures continuous feedback and updates as the code evolves.

## CI/CD Badge
[![CI](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-MiniProject2/actions/workflows/ex.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-MiniProject2/actions/workflows/ex.yml)
[![FORMAT](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/format.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/format.yml) [![INSTALL](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/install.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/install.yml) [![LINT](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/lint.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/lint.yml) [![TEST](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/nogibjj/JahnaviM-IndividualProject1/actions/workflows/test.yml)


## Instructions for Use
To use this repository to generate the analysis, start by cloning the repository. Make sure all the requirements in requirements.txt are fulfilled as these are necessary libraries to run the python script. Finally, run the script, crime_analyze.py, and review the statistics and visualizations. For more information around these insights, look at Summary.md.
